Zonal mpsi function (#773)
NCAR/geocat-comp: docs/release-notes.rst

Release Notes
=============

vYYYY.MM.## (unreleased)
------------------------

> This release has updates to our internal structure to ingest UXarray datasets in a new zonal mean meridional stream function for data on unstructured grids using UXarray in ``meteorology.zonal_meridional_psi``. There are also two new helper functions ``gc_util._find_coord`` and ``gc_util._find_optional_coord``

Reviewer: (nitpick, feel free to ignore) I don't think we need to include the internal helper funcs in the pubic release notes

```suggestion
This release has updates to our internal structure to ingest UXarray datasets in a new zonal mean meridional stream function for data on unstructured grids using UXarray in ``meteorology.zonal_meridional_psi``.
```

New Features
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * Zonal Mean Meridional Stream Function for unstructured grid datafiles using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Zonal mean meridional stream function for data on unstructured grids using
```

> UXarray in ``meteorology.zonal_meridional_psi`` by `Julia Kent`_ in (:pr:`773`)

Reviewer: (not sure why the suggested diff looks like that, I just removed the line break)
